1. For its asynchronous nature, a devloper might easily get confused or lost in the flow of JavaScript. I think that callbacks are somewhat hard to understand and can be tricky when it comes to small bugs that lead nowhere. Its loose typing is difficult because a developer will probably not be accustomed to this. Normally, you would need to have the same type of variable to add them together or perform some operation on them. This is confusing because a developer might not be accustomed to checking this in their code. For web platform, JavaScript can run on many different platforms, but it may run differently on different platforms. This causes confusion and different bugs that a developer might face, depening on the platform.
2. I think the developers who created JavaScript made it loosely typed so that it won't throw a huge amount of errors. This is used for webpages, so a program with these small bugs might throw many different errors, causing a webpage to crash in total if an input is wrong. This might cause a bug in one part of the webpage, but the other parts of the webpage should work if they don't have bugs. Asynchronous features were added because they allow a lot of freedom for developers to go back and forth to different functions seamlessly. This feature allows a flow of a website, which is good for a webpage.
3. A compiled language is a language that is converted to machine code before it is ran. Interpreted languages are not directly compiled before execution, but compiled on the fly as it is ran. I think that JavaScript is the latter. It is beneficial because it can run many of its working parts, even if other parts are broken. The downside is that there may be bugs that aren't caught, causing issues in the webpage function.
4. Master vanilla JS is important because the other frameworks probably build upon it. If vanilla JS isn't mastered, then it will be hard to connect the complex frameworks to the vanilla part of JS. I think frameworks allow for shortcuts sometimes, compared to vanilla JS, so we won't be able to take these shortcuts since we aren't working with frameworks.
5. This lab relates to the project because we will probably need to use JS. This lab showed the basics of JS and they will definitely be needed if we are using JS to build a webpage.